Hue and scatter plots

- exploring data from students in secondary school.
 We have a lot of information about each student like their age,
 where they live, their study habits and their extracurricular activities.

- For now, we'll look at the relationship between the number of absences
 they have in school and their final grade in the course,
 segmented by where the student lives (rural vs. urban area).

Hue and count plots

- How many students live in urban vs. rural areas,
 and does this vary based on what school the student attends? 

Creating subplots with col and row.

Creating two-factor subplots.

- Does a student's first semester grade ("G1") tend to correlate with their final grade ("G3")?

- Explore data from students in secondary school. The "study_time" variable records each student's
 reported weekly study time as one of the following categories:
 "<2 hours", "2 to 5 hours", "5 to 10 hours", or ">10 hours".
 Do students who report higher amounts of studying tend to get better final grades?
 Let's compare the average final grade among students in each category using a bar plot.

- We explored the relationship between studying and final grade by using a bar plot
 to compare the average final grade ("G3") among students in different categories of "study_time".

- Use the student_data dataset to compare the distribution of final grades ("G3")
 between students who have internet access at home and those who don't. To do this,
 we'll use the "internet" variable, which is a binary (yes/no)
 indicator of whether the student has internet access at home.

- Use the student_data dataset to compare the distribution of final grades ("G3")
 between students who are in a romantic relationship and those that are not.
 We'll use the "romantic" variable, which is a yes/no indicator of whether
 the student is in a romantic relationship.

- Exploring the dataset of students in secondary school.
 This time, we'll ask the question: is being in a romantic relationship associated with higher or lower school attendance?
 And does this association differ by which school the students attend?